Okay. So let's go ahead and implement Case D.
So S_union_i will use the get_subset function,
pass in the set of all features,
and we're going to grab just feature zero.
F_S_union_i is going to contain an instance
of a decision tree regressors,
so sklearn.tree.DecisionTreeRegressor,
and we're going to fit it to the data S_union_i,
which contains just feature zero,
and the labels are in y.
So the sample input is just going to be a single value of one,
and we're going to reshape it,
so that it has one row,
then we'll do a prediction with this model on the sample input.
So it's going to be 0.5.
Now next, how would the model predict if it had no features to train on?
So this is actually just going to be the average of all the labels,
so if we looked at y,
you see that one-fourth of them have a value of one,
and the other three-fourths has a value of zero.
So we can expect if we just take the average of the labels,
then that's the prediction that the model would make.
When there's no features,
it will predict 0.25.
So let's calculate the difference which is the prediction
of S_union_i minus the prediction thathas S.
So the difference is 0.5 minus 0.25, which is 0.25.
Last step is to calculate the weight.
So the size of set S, the empty set,
is zero, the empty set has a size of zero,
and let's calculate the weight.
Remember, we input size S and also the total number of features,
and the weight is one-third,
as we expect from this formula here.
Great. So now, we can calculate Shapley value.
So check out the next video for that.